fiducial_flare is a package for generating a reasonable approximation of the UV emission of M dwarf stars over a single flare or a series of them. The simulated radiation is resolved in both wavelength and time. The intent is to provide relatively simple, realistic, and consistent input for applications requiring time-dependent stellar UV emission as input, namely simulations of exoplanet atmospheres. 

To keep things simple and consistent, the flares generated are idealized in the spectral and temporal distribution of their energy through the following assumptions:
- The energy budget of the flares is constant.
  + The FUV energy budget is that compiled by Loyd et al. 2017 and given in "relative_energy_budget.ecsv".
  + The NUV continuum is taken to be a 10,000 K blackbody with energy scaled against the Si IV doublet per the energy budget of Hawley et al. 2003.
  + Some strong but unobserved lines are assumed to show the same response (relative to quiescent levels) as a proxy line with good observations and a similar formation temeprature. Given as unobserved line -> proxy, these are Lya core -> O I 1305, Mg II 2796, 2804 -> O I 1305, Al II 1670 -> C II 1334,1335, O VI 1031,1037 -> N V 1238,1242
- The temporal evolution of flux is taken to a be a simple boxcar, following the formula given in Loyd et al. 2017.
- Flare energies are distributed as a power-law based on the fit to M dwarf Si IV 1394,1403 flares of Loyd et al. 2017.
- The flare rate is constant. 
- Flare events follow a Poisson distribution (implying an exponential distribution in flare waiting times, e.g. Wheatland 2000) 

To maintain comparability between works that use input generated by this package, we will attempt to minimize future changes. 


### Referencing This Work
Please acknowledge your use of this work by citing Loyd et al. 2017, ApJ in prep (paper V in the MUSCLES series) and specifying the version. 


### Example Use

